terraform get		-	The terraform get command will download modules referenced in the configuration, but will not perform the other required initialization tasks.  

Terraform D 		-	Terraform D is a plugin used on most in-service systems and Windows. Terraform init by default searches next directories for plugins.(~HOME/terraform.d/plugins_direct 

NULL Resource: 
https://pet2cattle.com/2021/03/terraform-local-exec-update

It act as normal resources but do nothing and used in conjugation with Provisioners. 
It support Triggers to rerun the prrovisioner if any change in Trigger. 


What are the version controls supported by Terraform besides GitHub?	-	Git hub, Git lab, Bit bucket, Azure devops.

What is a Private Module Registry	-	A Private Module Registry is a feature from Terraform Cloud that allows you to share Terraform modules across the organization. You can enforce rules or “sentinel policies” on the registry that specify how members of your organization can use the modules.

Is Terraform usable for an on-prem infrastructure?	-	Yes, Terraform can be used for on-prem infrastructure. As there are a lot of obtainable providers, we can decide which suits us the best. All that we need is an API.

Does Terraform support multi-provider deployments?	-	Yes

How is duplicate resource error ignored during terraform apply?		-	It can occur due to state file not available or not updatd or using --refresh=false. It can be corrected by using 1. delete the infra and recreate from terraform. 2. Remove from terraform file. 3. Use the import function. 

What are some of the built-in provisioners available in Terraform?	-	File, local-exec, remote-exec, chef, puppet. 

Can you provide a few examples where we can use for Sentinel policies?	-	Restrict roles the cloud provider can assume, Forbid only certain resources, providers, or data sources, Enforce mandatory tagging on resources, cost monitoring based on cost estimation report. 

Cost Estimation	-	Estimate the cost. 

What are the various levels of Sentinel enforcement?	Advisory (just logging), Soft (admin can override) , Hard Mandatory (NObody can override)

How to Store Sensitive Data in Terraform?   - In local, encryption to be handled. For Terraform cloud, it is stored as encrypted at rest and TLS during intransit. 

https://www.simplilearn.com/terraform-interview-questions-and-answers-article

https://www.interviewbit.com/terraform-interview-questions/
